I've had multiple mentors. I have multiple mentors. Um, I have mentors
and different aspects of my life. So I have mentors for my career.
I have mentors for for parenting. Um, I have mentors for just kind of
doing life in general. Um, so some of the, you know, my mentors and
my career were I have kind of like a mentor for each phase of my education.
So my bachelor's degree, I have a mentor. My my my master's
degree and my PhD. I have mentors from all of those phases. And then
I have mentors from when I was a post doc. And I have mentors for
for being a teacher. So I have a lot of mentor, like career wise mentors.
Um, And then, as I said, I have mentors for parenting, um, and
family life and mentors for just kind of being a woman in general
in this world. So I have a lot of different mentors